


today i managed to add some more html to my file named html portfolio.Tuesday 15/04.2025

I am writing this read me file. this is about the project portfolio. I have made the website stating my qualifications and mentioning my skills and my attributes. I have much to learn and I will be asking for patience. I am a beginner to the world of coding, I want to broad my aspects in this field and showing off my skills by making this portfolio and other future projects. It is a task that proves my status as a front end developer. I am progressing and making a name for myself, the languages I am practising are, Html, CSS and Java Script. These are the main frontline languages in practice. Things are going well and my confidence is challenged and measured. I started this project as the first project whilst partaking this course and I feel like it steered me towards the right direction in my coding career.

The main purpose of this website it to show my potential employer my coding skills mixed with my actual real live skills based on my achievements. I have included in the website my accomplishments to date and also my contact details. The website will be an aspect of that, bringing to light how I can be able to be considered based on the skills crafting the website and skills I have also acquired from my learning. Being proof and substantial evidence of my skills as a coder. I will demonstrate that ability by making the portfolio website with colours that make the viewer easy to read it and access the information on it. I have added full details of my name and also will advertise my expertise also. This website will show my potential employer, how I can be able to demonstrate structure using Html and also how Design is demonstrated using CSS. The employer will be browsing the website contents, finding information about the creator and also skills of the Creator and his details. It is my first time creating such a website but I will add details so that it is easy to recommend myself for the employment position. The Front End developer portfolio will also the include some clickable links on the website.
